Improve support for custom variants in `group-*`, `peer-*`, `has-*`, and `not-*` variants (#14743)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added `not-*` versions of all builtin media query and supports variants ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support `not-*` with all built-in media query and `supports-*` variants ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))
```

> - Improved support for custom variants with `group-*`, `peer-*`, `has-*`, and `not-*` ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))

Reviewer: Is it possible to be clearer/more specific about what's actually possible now that wasn't before? I try to be really careful about using the format "Improve …" in changelog entries because it's not really clear what has actually changed

### Added

> - Aded `not-*` versions of all builtin media query and supports variants ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `not-*` versions of all builtin media query and supports variants ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))
```

Author: Wow past me… how in the world

### Added

- Add first draft of new wide-gamut color palette ([#14693](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14693))
- Aded `not-*` versions of all builtin media query and supports variants ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))

> - Improved support for custom variants with `group-*`, `peer-*`, `has-*`, and `not-*` ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))

Reviewer 3: Should add one more changelog entry for intellisense.

- Don't migrate important modifiers inside conditional statements in Vue and Alpine (e.g. `<div v-if="!border" />`) ([#14774](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14774))
- Ensure third-party plugins with `exports` in their `package.json` are resolved correctly ([#14775](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14775))
- Ensure underscores in the `url()` function are never unescaped ([#14776](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14776))

> - Fixed display of complex variants in Intellisense ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))

Reviewer: Not sure if this is meaningfully more specific but at least should use imperative mood for changelog entries to be consistent with other ones:

```suggestion
- Ensure complex variants are displayed correctly in IntelliSense completions ([#14743](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14743))
```

Also capitalized "IntelliSense" consistent with how we do it elsewhere 👍
